Yes. Looking at the screenshots, there are actually two separate issues:

1. Box 05 is structurally out of sequence

You identified it correctly.

Current flow:

01 Observation
02 RAPIDS Compression
05 SIMON Meanings
04 Active Dimensions
06 Operator Actuation

That is backwards.

The cognitive chain should be:

01 Observation
02 RAPIDS Compression
03 Spatial Manifold
04 Active Dimensions
05 SIMON Meanings
06 Operator Actuation
07 Audit

The operator should:

1. Observe
2. Compress
3. Visualise
4. Inspect dimensions
5. Extract meaning
6. Make judgement
7. Seal

Right now SIMON is appearing before the operator has finished reviewing the dimensional evidence.

⸻

2. Contrast is too low

This is the bigger usability problem.

Looking at your screenshots:

* Dark navy background
* Dark blue headings
* Dark grey body text
* Light grey cards

On a desktop monitor it looks “sophisticated.”

On an iPhone:

Sophisticated = unreadable

The text is failing the practical test.

Specifically:

* Section headers are too dark.
* Body copy is too dark.
* Blue tags are almost invisible.
* SIMON findings are hard to read.
* RAPIDS explanation text disappears into the background.

⸻

Immediate CSS fixes

Increase contrast:

--text-primary: #E8EDF5;
--text-secondary: #C8D0DB;
--text-muted: #AAB4C2;

Section titles:

font-weight: 600;
letter-spacing: 0.08em;

Body copy:

opacity: 1;

Remove:

opacity: 0.6
opacity: 0.5
opacity: 0.4

from informational text.

⸻

Third observation

The tags:

MACRO LIQUIDITY
INTEREST RATE MATRIX
INSTITUTIONAL FLOWS

are visually overpowering the actual data.

My eye should land on:

DXY
101.49

not:

MACRO LIQUIDITY

The hierarchy is inverted.

Suggested:

DXY
101.49
Macro Liquidity

Small label underneath.

⸻

What I would tell the builder

Pathfinder Instrument Review

1. Move Section 05 (SIMON Meanings) below Section 04 (Active Dimensions) and immediately above Section 06 (Operator Actuation). The evidence chain must flow:

Observation → Compression → Spatial View → Active Dimensions → Meaning Extraction → Operator Decision → Ledger Seal.

2. Increase contrast across the entire instrument. Current typography is too faint on mobile devices. Prioritize readability over aesthetic subtlety.
3. Promote data and demote labels. Values such as DXY, RYLD, INST, and their live readings should be the visual focus. Classification tags should become secondary metadata.
4. Remove low-opacity body text. Most explanatory copy appears visually disabled despite being active content.
5. Keep the live plumbing. The live authority migration appears structurally correct and the dimension cards are now carrying meaningful information. The issue is presentation and sequencing, not data architecture.

Current assessment:

Plumbing: Strong.
Cognitive flow: Mostly correct.
Visual hierarchy: Needs refinement.
Mobile readability: Needs immediate attention.

From the screenshots, Rod, the underlying architecture now looks much stronger than the original version. What remains is mostly operator ergonomics: ordering, contrast, and visual hierarchy. Those are usually easier fixes than getting the live authority plumbing working in the first place.